ReadMe.md, before:

******\*******PRJECT DESCRIPTION******\*******

_TITLE_: Health Gate

_Details_: Our society expands everyday at a rapid rate which makes people to live in the far places from the urban areas. For those people, it becomes sometimes difficult to have access to a good and on time healthcare as hospital are rare in the rural areas. Sometimes people have to travel long distance to receive treatment. Although the govenment is yet to find solution to the problem, we have found the idea of tackling the issue through our project which is the creating of Health Gate. Health Gate is an online platform built for the purpose of connecting people living in the urban areas with doctors. Doctors are patients can be connected together for online consultations. It is very useful for primary consultation and patient monitoring. We have a wide range of doctors in different fields available on our platform. There are a list of several actions that our users can benefit from the platform. The actions are the base and core features of this project.

1-> Find a doctor: patients can search for doctors via the website. By searching for a doctor, they will have suggestion from the list of all our doctors. The search process can be filtered on some specific criteria such as: gender, specility, experience, ...
2-> make an appointenent: after findint the right doctor, patients can then make an appointement with the doctor for further action.

For now we are just limited to getting doctor and patient connected together and in future we'll expand the features by adding the a chatbot and online video call.

Commit message:

adding some changes to the project description

ReadMe.md, after:

                             *PRJECT DESCRIPTION*

_TITLE_: Health Gate

_Details_: Our society expands everyday at a rapid rate which makes people to live in the far places from the urban areas. For those people, it becomes sometimes difficult to have access to a good and on time healthcare as hospital are rare in the rural areas. Sometimes people have to travel long distance to receive treatment. Although the govenment is yet to find solution to the problem, we have found the idea of tackling the issue through our project which is to creating Health Gate. Health Gate is an online platform built for the purpose of connecting people living in the urban areas with doctors. Doctors are patients can be connected together for online consultations. It is very useful for primary consultation and patient monitoring. We have a wide range of doctors in different fields available on our platform. There are a list of several actions that our users can benefit from the platform. The actions are the base and core features of this project.

1-> Find a doctor: patients can search for doctors via the website. By searching for a doctor, they will have suggestion from the list of all our doctors. The search process can be filtered on some specific criteria such as: gender, specility, experience, ...
2-> make an appointenent: after findint the right doctor, patients can then make an appointement with the doctor for further action.

For now we are just limited to getting doctor and patient connected together and in future we'll expand the features by adding the a chatbot and online video call.

_Tech Stack_: The website will be developed using React Js and Bootstrap. We will write some tests using React testing librairy and Jest.
_Dev Technique_: The website will be a Single Page Application (SPA) and mobile first development process
_Styling AND colors_: the fonts and color palette will be decided later.
_menu links_: Home, About Us, Find a Doctor, Contacts
